cookbook: make "run the analysis" more concise (#143)
RMI-PACTA/pacta.loanbook: vignettes/cookbook_running_the_analysis.Rmd

### Optional: Handling misclassified loans

A misclassified loan occurs when a counterparty is incorrectly identified as belonging to a PACTA sector based on the sector classification in the loan book.

Why does misclassification matter?
- It artificially lowers match success rates by expecting matches that don’t exist in the ABCD dataset.
- Iterating the matching process won’t help—if a company doesn’t operate in an in-scope sector, no adjustments will create a valid match.
- A reliable match success rate requires an accurate denominator, meaning only loans truly within an in-scope sector should be included.

Misclassification is typically identified manually by reviewing unmatched counterparties to determine if they should be in scope. Since this process can be time-consuming, it’s best to prioritize unmatched loans with the largest amounts, as they have the greatest impact on the match success rate.

> Since misclassified loans cannot be matched, leaving them in the dataset skews results. While correction isn’t mandatory, adjusting large misclassified loans is strongly recommended for more accurate analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since misclassified loans cannot be matched, leaving them in the dataset skews results. While correction is not mandatory, adjusting large misclassified loans is strongly recommended for more accurate analysis.
```

#### Options for Handling Misclassified Loans

Once misclassified loans have been identified, there are two options:

(1) Correct the classification in the loanbook:
- Update the raw loanbook to reflect the correct sector.
- Re-run the matching process to ensure the loan is matched appropriately
- Keep documentation of changes for replicability

(2) Adjust match success rate calculation:

> - If modifying the raw loanbook isn't possible, exclude misclassified loans from the success rate calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If modifying the raw loanbook is not possible, exclude misclassified loans from the success rate calculation.
```
